Update snowflake-configs.md (#6741)
dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/resource-configs/snowflake-configs.md

- [Model contracts](/docs/collaborate/govern/model-contracts)
- [Copy grants configuration](/reference/resource-configs/snowflake-configs#copying-grants)

> ### Troubleshooting Dynamic Tables

Reviewer: Good catch bot!

> ### Troubleshooting Dynamic Tables

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Troubleshooting dynamic tables
```

> - If your dynamic table model is unable to rerun after the initial execution and fails with this error message:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If your dynamic table model fails to rerun with the following error message after the initial execution:
```

  ```sql
  SnowflakeDynamicTableConfig.__init__() missing 6 required positional arguments: 'name', 'schema_name', 'database_name', 'query', 'target_lag', and 'snowflake_warehouse'
  ```

>   Check to ensure that `QUOTED_IDENTIFIERS_IGNORE_CASE` on your account is set to FALSE. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Ensure that `QUOTED_IDENTIFIERS_IGNORE_CASE` on your account is set to `FALSE`. 
```
